Ooh, name it after me!

You lived before you met me?! I never loved you. You can crush me but you can't crush my spirit! In our darkest hour, we can stand erect, with proud upthrust bosoms.

Oh, you're a dollar naughtier than most. I found what I need. And it's not friends, it's things. Fry, we have a crate to deliver. These old Doomsday Devices are dangerously unstable. I'll rest easier not knowing where they are.

Bender, quit destroying the universe!

Look, everyone wants to be like Germany, but do we really have the pure strength of 'will'? Who are those horrible orange men? It's okay, Bender. I like cooking too. I had more, but you go ahead. Your best is an idiot!

And remember, don't do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, don't not do it!
You've killed me! Oh, you've killed me!
No, of course not. It was… uh… porno. Yeah, that's it.
Does anybody else feel jealous and aroused and worried?

Bender, being God isn't easy. If you do too much, people get dependent on you, and if you do nothing, they lose hope. You have to use a light touch. Like a safecracker, or a pickpocket. I can explain. It's very valuable.

And from now on you're all named Bender Jr.
A sexy mistake.
We can't compete with Mom! Her company is big and evil! Ours is small and neutral!
You don't know how to do any of those. How much did you make me? But existing is basically all I do! All I want is to be a monkey of moderate intelligence who wears a suit… that's why I'm transferring to business school!

But I know you in the future. I cleaned your poop. Can we have Bender Burgers again? Hey, you add a one and two zeros to that or we walk! Nay, I respect and admire Harold Zoid too much to beat him to death with his own Oscar.

I love you, buddy! It's just like the story of the grasshopper and the octopus. All year long, the grasshopper kept burying acorns for winter, while the octopus mooched off his girlfriend and watched TV. But then the winter came, and the grasshopper died, and the octopus ate all his acorns. Also he got a race car. Is any of this getting through to you?

For one beautiful night I knew what it was like to be a grandmother. Subjugated, yet honored. For example, if you killed your grandfather, you'd cease to exist! Aww, it's true. I've been hiding it for so long.

I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Is that a cooking show? Ask her how her day was. I was having the most wonderful dream. Except you were there, and you were there, and you were there!

Meh. No, she'll probably make me do it. I'm sure those windmills will keep them cool. I'll get my kit!

Too much work. Let's burn it and say we dumped it in the sewer. Who are those horrible orange men? And why did 'I' have to take a cab? Fatal.

For the last time, I don't like lilacs! Your 'first' wife was the one who liked lilacs! Our love isn't any different from yours, except it's hotter, because I'm involved. Throw her in the brig. Yes! In your face, Gandhi!

Kids have names? Ah, the 'Breakfast Club' soundtrack! I can't wait til I'm old enough to feel ways about stuff! Leela's gonna kill me. I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself.

Tell her she looks thin. That could be 'my' beautiful soul sitting naked on a couch. If I could just learn to play this stupid thing. I meant 'physically'. Look, perhaps you could let me work for a little food? I could clean the floors or paint a fence, or service you sexually?

I suppose I could part with 'one' and still be feared… Bender, quit destroying the universe! And remember, don't do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, don't not do it!